[DOCS] Cookbook of how to modify placed order (#14156)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/administration/modify-placed-order.rst

> How to modify placed order?
> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to edit orders in Sylius?
=============================
```

> since time immemorial, people have been using trial and error methods to create or repeat processes that make their lives simpler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since time immemorial, people have been using trial and error methods to create or repeat processes that make their lives simpler.
```

Thanks to this, we live in a time where everything is easily available and within reach.
However, this time we will not focus on inventions, but on the mistakes that people still make.

> Usually, e-commerce processes go smoothly, but from time to time there will be a customer who confuses something in his order (e.g. the size of the shorts he wears).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, e-commerce processes go smoothly, but from time to time there will be a customer who confuses something in his order (e.g. the size of the shorts they wear).
```

> In this cookbook, I will try to show you how to easily fix this error as a store administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this cookbook, we will try to show you how to easily fix this kind of mistake as a store administrator.
```

> TLDR?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TL;DR
```

-----

Quick general steps of how to easily solve this issue:

* From admin panel go to the order you want to edit
* Click on the customer and go to their show page
* Login as this customer whose order you want to edit

> * Place a new Order with the required modifications (like, change size of one of the products)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Place a new order with the required modifications (like changing the size of one of the products)
```

* Choose offline payment as the payment method (as we already got the money)
* or choose any payment method and set payment as completed on admin order page
* In the order notes you can add a note that it is a modified order and add the original order number
* In the admin panel fulfill the order - complete its payment
* Go back to the original order and cancel it
* Proceed with the new "modified" order

Step by step instruction
------------------------

If you have troubles of going with shorter instruction, here we will go step by step so you are sure of what to do:

.. note::

    The tutorial steps are done on Sylius demo environment under link: https://demo.sylius.com

>     If you want to test if Sylius suits you or try the steps, do not hesitate to check it out by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to test if Sylius suits you or try the steps, do not hesitate to check it out on your own.
```

Impersonate as user and create an order
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Let's start with the steps that will let you impersonate as user and create new order as him/her.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with the steps that will let you impersonate a user and create new order as them.
```

> First login as an administrator into the admin panel and go to ``orders`` tab, and find the incorrect order (in this example Order #000000021):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, log in as an administrator into the admin panel, go to the ``orders`` tab, and find the incorrect order (in this example Order #000000021):
```

.. image:: ../../_images/cookbook/administration/modify-placed-order/orders-page.png
    :align: center
    :scale: 50%

|

Let's show it as the data in it will be useful for us in creation of the new order.

.. image:: ../../_images/cookbook/administration/modify-placed-order/order.png
    :align: center
    :scale: 50%

|

In this order we can click on the name of the user to go directly to customer account.
Here we have an option ``impersonate``, click it and now it would be best to open a shop page in new tab.

.. image:: ../../_images/cookbook/administration/modify-placed-order/customer.png
    :align: center
    :scale: 50%

|

Now on the shop page, we can see the greeting with name and surname of customer. This indicates we are impersonated correctly.

.. image:: ../../_images/cookbook/administration/modify-placed-order/shop.png
    :align: center
    :scale: 50%

|

Now you need to find products with correct variants, add them and proceed to checkout

.. image:: ../../_images/cookbook/administration/modify-placed-order/checkout.png
    :align: center
    :scale: 50%

|

On the next checkout steps just fill out the data that was used in old order,

> as payment method - use one of the offline methods (if your shop supports one),or proceed with any - and we will complete payment manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a payment method - use one of the offline methods (if your shop supports one), or proceed with any - and we will complete payment manually.
```
